[Docs] Add docs of prometheus metrics for pulsar go client (#13271)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-go.md

canc()
```

#### How to use Prometheus metrics in producer

> Pulsar Go client registers client metrics using Prometheus. In this guide, we'll show you how to create a simple Pulsar producer application that exposes Prometheus metrics via HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulsar Go client registers client metrics using Prometheus. This section demonstrates how to create a simple Pulsar producer application that exposes Prometheus metrics via HTTP.
```

Reviewer: Reason for this change: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.gfwms5zehcak

> First, write a simple producer application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Write a simple producer application.
```
Reason for this change: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.yoetnldi5amd

```go

> // Create a pulsar client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a Pulsar client
```
Reason for this change: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.1oxiv9hq05mn

client, err := pulsar.NewClient(pulsar.ClientOptions{
	URL: "pulsar://localhost:6650",
})
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

defer client.Close()

// Start a separate goroutine for Prometheus metrics
// In this case, Prometheus metrics can be accessed via http://localhost:2112/metrics
go func() {
    prometheusPort := 2112
    log.Printf("Starting Prometheus metrics at http://localhost:%v/metrics\n", prometheusPort)
    http.Handle("/metrics", promhttp.Handler())
    err = http.ListenAndServe(":"+strconv.Itoa(prometheusPort), nil)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
}()

// Create a producer
producer, err := client.CreateProducer(pulsar.ProducerOptions{
    Topic: "topic-1",
})
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

defer producer.Close()

ctx := context.Background()

// Write your business logic here

> // In this case, we build a simple web server. You can produce a message by requesting http://localhost:8082/produce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// In this case, you build a simple Web server. You can produce messages by requesting http://localhost:8082/produce
```

webPort := 8082
http.HandleFunc("/produce", func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    msgId, err := producer.Send(ctx, &pulsar.ProducerMessage{
        Payload: []byte(fmt.Sprintf("hello world")),
    })
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    } else {
        log.Printf("Published message: %v", msgId)
        fmt.Fprintf(w, "Published message: %v", msgId)
    }
})

err = http.ListenAndServe(":"+strconv.Itoa(webPort), nil)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}
```

> Then configure a locally running Prometheus instance to scrape metrics from the application with the following `prometheus.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To scrape metrics from applications, configure a local running Prometheus instance using a configuration file (`prometheus.yml`).
```

```yaml
scrape_configs:
- job_name: pulsar-client-go-metrics
  scrape_interval: 10s
  static_configs:
  - targets:
    - localhost:2112
```

> Finally, you can query pulsar client metrics on Prometheus!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can query Pulsar client metrics on Prometheus.
```
Reason for this change: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.6ugxq52wtpf1

canc()
```

> #### How to use Prometheus metrics in producer

Reviewer 2: Thanks @imryao work for this, good patch.

This title looks inconsistent with the content, what about `How to use Prometheus metrics in Go SDK`? Or It is best that we can separate the code examples of producer and consumer.

Author: @wolfstudy @Anonymitaet Thanks for your suggestions! I'll separate the code examples and add some description.

Author: I've separated the code examples and added some description. Looking forward to your further advice!

> 

Reviewer: @imryao thanks for adding docs. 

To allow users better understand the purpose of this part, can you add some explanations/context before the code example? For example, `what does the example do?`, `Are there any considerations that need to take into account when using Prometheus metrics in Go SDK?`, etc.

Author: Thanks for your advice! Context and description has been updated~

```go
client, err := pulsar.NewClient(pulsar.ClientOptions{
	URL: "pulsar://localhost:6650",
})

if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

defer client.Close()

go func() {
    prometheusPort := 2112
    log.Printf("Starting Prometheus metrics at http://localhost:%v/metrics\n", prometheusPort)

>     http.Handle("/metrics", promhttp.Handler())

Reviewer 2: How was `promhttp` created?

Author: I think `promhttp` is created by Prometheus module?
I found the demo at Prometheus official docs.
FYI: https://prometheus.io/docs/guides/go-application/#adding-your-own-metrics

defer consumer.Close()
```

#### How to use Prometheus metrics in consumer

> In this guide, we'll show you how to create a simple Pulsar consumer application that exposes Prometheus metrics via HTTP.

Reviewer: same comment

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Write a simple consumer application.
```

```go

> // Create a pulsar client

Reviewer: same

client, err := pulsar.NewClient(pulsar.ClientOptions{
    URL: "pulsar://localhost:6650",
})
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

defer client.Close()

// Start a separate goroutine for Prometheus metrics
// In this case, Prometheus metrics can be accessed via http://localhost:2112/metrics
go func() {
    prometheusPort := 2112
    log.Printf("Starting Prometheus metrics at http://localhost:%v/metrics\n", prometheusPort)
    http.Handle("/metrics", promhttp.Handler())
    err = http.ListenAndServe(":"+strconv.Itoa(prometheusPort), nil)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
}()

// Create a consumer
consumer, err := client.Subscribe(pulsar.ConsumerOptions{
    Topic:            "topic-1",
    SubscriptionName: "sub-1",
    Type:             pulsar.Shared,
})
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}

defer consumer.Close()

ctx := context.Background()

// Write your business logic here

> // In this case, we build a simple web server. You can consume a message by requesting http://localhost:8083/consume

Reviewer: same

webPort := 8083
http.HandleFunc("/consume", func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    msg, err := consumer.Receive(ctx)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    } else {
        log.Printf("Received message msgId: %v -- content: '%s'\n", msg.ID(), string(msg.Payload()))
        fmt.Fprintf(w, "Received message msgId: %v -- content: '%s'\n", msg.ID(), string(msg.Payload()))
        consumer.Ack(msg)
    }
})

err = http.ListenAndServe(":"+strconv.Itoa(webPort), nil)
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}
```

> The configuration of Prometheus instance is the same as we introduced in [producer metrics section](#how-to-use-prometheus-metrics-in-producer).

Reviewer: -----

2. To scrape metrics from applications, configure a local running Prometheus instance using a configuration file (`prometheus.yml`).

```yaml
scrape_configs:
- job_name: pulsar-client-go-metrics
  scrape_interval: 10s
  static_configs:
  - targets:
    - localhost:2112
```

Now you can query Pulsar client metrics on Prometheus.

----

I suggest "repeating" the steps here since it is quite simple and convenient for users to read it over.
